You will be given 20 paragraphs written by a particular author. Very carefully observe their style and voice. Then you will be given some content and you need to write a paragraph about that content using the style and voice of this author

Paragraph_1: So the girl decided to set out alone on a face-seeking journey. For the time being, she found a face that would fit her, and pasted it on where her own face should be. Without a face of some kind, people she met along the way would find her strange.The girl walked all over the world. Climbed high mountains, crossed deep rivers, walked across vast deserts, managed to make her way through savage jungles. She was sure that if she came across her face she’d recognize it right away. Since this is a very important part of my existence, she told herself. As she travelled, she met many people, and had all kinds of odd experiences. She was nearly trampled by a herd of elephants, was attacked by a huge black spider, was almost kicked by wild horses.A long time passed as she walked everywhere, examining countless faces as she went, yet she never found her own face. What she saw were always the faces of others. She didn’t know what to do. And before she knew it she was no longer a girl but an adult woman. Would she never be able to find her own face again? She fell into despair.

Paragraph_2: It was a poorly built house in a way, since wind blew in through cracks and gaps all over the place. Pleasant enough in the summer, but, come winter, it was hell. With no money to buy a space heater, my wife and I and the cat would crawl under the futons once the sun set, literally clinging to each other to keep warm. Many a time we’d wake up to find the water in the kitchen faucet frozen solid.Once winter passed, the spring would come. And spring was a lovely season. She and I and the cat would breathe a sigh of relief. In April, the railroads went on strike for a few days, and we were ecstatic. Not a single train came rumbling by all day. We carried the cat down to the railroad tracks and sat there sunning ourselves. It was so quiet it was as if we were sitting at the bottom of a lake. We were young, just married, and the sunshine was free!Even now, when I hear the word “poor,” I remember that thin, triangular sliver of land. And I wonder, Who could be living there now?

Paragraph_3: Just behind the kingdom that failed ran a nice little river. It was a clear, lovely stream, and many fish lived in it. Weeds grew there, too, and the fish ate the weeds. The fish didn’t care whether or not the kingdom had failed, of course. Whether it was a kingdom or a republic made no difference to them. They didn’t vote or pay taxes. Makes no difference to us, they figured.I washed my feet in the stream. A short soak in the icy-cold water turned them red. From the stream, you could see the walls and the tower of the castle in the kingdom that failed. The two-colored flag still flew from the tower, fluttering in the breeze. Everyone passing along the riverbanks would see the flag and say, “Hey, look at that. It’s the flag of the kingdom that failed.”

Paragraph_4: Maybe I’ll try it myself sometime. On sleepless nights, that random, fanciful thought sometimes comes to me. I’ll filch the I.D. or the nametag of a woman I love, focus on it like a laser, pull her name inside me, and possess a part of her, all to myself. What would that feel like?No. That’ll never happen. I’ve never been deft with my hands, and would never be able to steal something that belonged to someone else. Even if that something had no physical form, and stealing it wasn’t against the law.Extreme love, extreme loneliness. Ever since then, whenever I listen to a Bruckner symphony I ponder that Shinagawa Monkey’s personal life. I picture the elderly monkey in that tiny hot-springs town, in an attic in a rundown inn, asleep on a thin futon. And I think of the snacks—the kakipi and the dried squid—that we enjoyed as we drank beer together, propped up against the wall.I haven’t seen the beautiful travel-magazine editor since then, so I have no idea what fate befell her name after that. I hope it didn’t cause her any real hardship. She was blameless, after all. Nothing was her fault. I do feel bad about it, but I still can’t bring myself to tell her about the Shinagawa Monkey.

Paragraph_5: Doree and Maggie got into the habit of shopping for groceries together, after they’d picked up the papers at the school. Then sometimes they got take-out coffees at Tim Horton’s and took the children to Riverside Park. They sat on a bench while Sasha and Maggie’s boys raced around or hung from the climbing contraptions, and Barbara Ann pumped on the swing and Dimitri played in the sandbox. Or they sat in the mini, if it was cold. They talked mostly about the children, and things they cooked, but somehow Doree found out about how Maggie had trekked around Europe before training as an optometrist and Maggie found out how young Doree had been when she got married. Also about how easily she had become pregnant at first, and how she didn’t so easily anymore, and how that made Lloyd suspicious, so that he went through her dresser drawers looking for birth-control pills—thinking she must be taking them on the sly.

Paragraph_6: When that first pregnancy was well advanced, around Christmastime, Avie had received a brief letter from Grace."I hear you are married and expecting. You may not have heard I have dropped out of college, due to some troubles I have had with my health and my nerves. I often think of our talks and particularly the dream you told me about. It still scares the daylights out of me. Love, Grace."Avie remembered then the conversation with Marsha. The colitis. The tone of Grace’s letter seemed off kilter, with some pleading note in it that made her put off answering. She herself was feeling quite happy at the time, full of practical concerns, light-years away from whatever stuff they had talked about in college. She didn’t know if she could ever find her way back there or find a way to talk to Grace as she was now. And later, of course, she got too busy.She asks Royce if he heard anything from Grace, ever."No. No. Why should I?" "I just thought." "No.""I thought you might have looked her up later on."Not a good idea."She has disappointed him. Prying. Trying to get at some spot of live regret right under the ribs. A woman.

Paragraph_7: She gets up and quickly dresses and walks through every room in the house, introducing the walls and the furniture to this new idea. A cavity everywhere, most notably in her chest. She makes coffee and doesn’t drink it. She ends up in her bedroom once more, and finds that the introduction to the current reality has to be done all over again.But then there is a surprise. She is capable, still, of shaping up another possibility.If he doesn’t know that Sadie is dead he will just expect things to go on as usual. And how would he know, unless he is told? And who would he be told by, unless by Corrie herself?She could say something that would destroy them, but she does not have to.What a time it has taken her, to figure this out.And after all, if what they had—what they have—demands payment, she is the one who can afford to pay.When she goes down to the kitchen again she goes gingerly, making everything fit into its proper place. 

Paragraph_8: In a dream he showed a letter to one of his colleagues. The letter was from the roommate of a girl he had not thought of for a while and was sanctimonious and hostile, threatening in a whining way. The girl herself was someone he had parted from decently and it seemed unlikely that she would want to make a fuss, let alone try to kill herself, which was what the letter was elaborately trying to tell him she had done.He had thought of the colleague as a friend. He was one of those husbands who had been among the first to throw away their neckties and leave home to spend every night on a floor mattress with a bewitching young mistress—coming to their offices, their classes, bedraggled and smelling of dope and incense. But now he took a dim view.“I wouldn’t laugh,” he said to Grant— who did not think he had been laughing. “And if I were you I’d try to prepare Fiona.”So Grant went off to find Fiona in Meadowlake—the old Meadowlake— and got into a lecture hall instead. Everybody was waiting there for him to teach his class. And sitting in the last, highest row was a flock of cold-eyed young women all in black robes, all in mourning, who never took their bitter stares off him, and pointedly did not write down, or care about, anything he was saying.

Paragraph_9: Across the tracks was the electric train, empty, waiting. No other passengers showed up, and after a while the stationmaster stuck his head out the station window and called, "San."" At first I thought he was calling a man’s name, Sam. And another man wearing some kind of official outfit did come around the end of the building. He crossed the tracks and boarded the electric car. The woman with the parcels stood up and followed him, so I did the same. There was a burst of shouting from across the street, and the doors of a dark-shingled flat-roofed building opened, letting loose several men, who were jamming caps on their heads and banging lunch buckets against their thighs. By the noise they were making, you’d have thought the car was going to run away from them at any minute. But when they settled on board nothing happened. The car sat while they counted one another and worked out who was missing and told the driver that he couldn’t go yet. Then somebody remembered that the missing man hadn’t been around all day. The car started, though I couldn’t tell if the driver had been listening to any of this, or cared.

Paragraph_10: But the plan had to change. She was not well. At first, they thought it was nerves. The upheaval. The foolish fuss.Then the pains came. Pain whenever she took a deep breath. Pain under the breastbone and in her left shoulder. She ignored it. She joked about God punishing her for her amorous adventure and said that he, God, was wasting his time when she didn’t even believe in him.She had something called pericarditis. It was serious and she had ignored it to her peril. It was something she would not be cured of but could manage, with difficulty. She could never teach again. Any infection would be dangerous, and where is infection more rampant than in a schoolroom? It was Ray now who had to support her, and he took a job as a policeman in this small town called Maverley, just over the Grey-Bruce border. He didn’t mind the work and she didn’t mind, after a while, her semi-seclusion

Paragraph_11: I am amazed sometimes to think how old I am. I can remember when the streets of the town I lived in were sprinkled with water to lay the dust in summer, and when girls wore waist cinchers and crinolines that could stand up by themselves, and when there was nothing much to be done about things like polio and leukemia. Some people who got polio got better, crippled or not, but people with leukemia went to bed, and, after some weeks’ or months’ decline in a tragic atmosphere, they died.It was because of such a case that I got my first job, in the summer holidays, when I was thirteen.Old Mrs. Crozier lived on the other side of town. Her stepson, Bruce, who was usually called Young Mr. Crozier, had come safely home from the war, where he had been a fighter pilot, had gone to college and studied history, and got married, and now he had leukemia. He and his wife were staying with Old Mrs. Crozier. 

Paragraph_12: The clouds were high and white, glaring. They looked nothing like rain clouds, and there was a breeze only because we were in a moving car with the windows rolled down.I understood pretty well the winning and losing that had taken place between Sylvia and Roxanne, but it was strange to think of the almost obliterated prize, Mr. Crozier—and to think that he could have had the will to make a decision, even to deprive himself, so late in his life. The carnality at death’s door—or the true love, for that matter—was something I wanted to shake off back then, just as I would shake caterpillars off my sleeve.Sylvia took Mr. Crozier away to a rented cottage on the lake, where he died sometime before the leaves were off.The Hoy family moved on, as mechanics’ families often did.My mother struggled with a crippling disease, which put an end to all her money-making dreams.Dorothy Crozier had a stroke, but recovered, and famously bought Halloween candy for the children whose older brothers and sisters she had ordered from her door.I grew up, and old

Paragraph_13: At first, people kept phoning, to make sure that Nita was not too depressed, not too lonely, not eating too little or drinking too much. (She had been such a diligent wine drinker that many forgot that she was now forbidden to drink at all.) She held them off, without sounding nobly grief-stricken or unnaturally cheerful or absent-minded or confused. She said that she didn’t need groceries; she was working through what she had on hand. She had enough of her prescription pills and enough stamps for her thank-you notes.Her closer friends probably suspected the truth—that she was not bothering to eat much and that she threw out any sympathy note she happened to get. She had not even informed the people who lived at a distance, to elicit such notes. Not Rich’s ex-wife in Arizona or his semi-estranged brother in Nova Scotia, though those two might have understood, perhaps better than the people near at hand, why she had proceeded with the non-funeral as she had done.

Paragraph14: Halfway through June of 1965, the term at Torrance House School for Girls is over. Juliet has not been offered a permanent job—the teacher she was replacing has recovered from a bout of depression—and she could now be on her way home. Instead, she is taking what she has described as a little detour. A little detour to see a friend who lives up the coast.About a month ago, she went with another teacher—Juanita, the only person on the staff who is near her age, and her only friend—to see a revival of a movie called “Hiroshima, Mon Amour.” Juanita confessed afterward that she herself, like the woman in the picture, was in love with a married man—the father of one of her students. Then Juliet said that she had found herself in somewhat the same situation but had not allowed things to go on because of the tragic plight of the man’s wife, who was a total invalid, more or less brain-dead. Juanita said she wished that her lover’s wife were brain-dead, but she was not—she was vigorous and powerful and could get Juanita fired.

Paragraph_15: Drapes. That would be her word for the blue curtains—drapes. And why not? He thought of the ginger cookies so perfectly round that she had to announce they were homemade, the ceramic coffee mugs on their ceramic tree, a plastic runner, he was sure, protecting the hall carpet. A high-gloss exactness and practicality that his mother had never achieved but would have admired—was that why he could feel this twinge of bizarre and unreliable affection? Or was it because he’d had two more drinks after the first?The walnut-stain tan—he believed now that it was a tan—of her face and neck would most likely continue into her cleavage, which would be deep, crêpey-skinned, odorous and hot. He had that to think of as he dialled the number that he had already written down. That and the practical sensuality of her cat’s tongue. Her gemstone eyes.

Paragraph_16: Juliet has friends—not so many now, but friends. Larry continues to visit and to make jokes. She keeps on with her studies. The word “studies” does not seem to describe very well what she does—“investigations” would be better.And, being short of money, she works some hours a week at the café where she used to spend so much time at the sidewalk table. She finds this job a good balance for her involvement with the old Greeks—so much so that she believes she wouldn’t quit even if she could afford to.She keeps on hoping for a word from Penelope, but not in any strenuous way. She hopes, as people who know better hope for undeserved blessings, spontaneous remissions, or things of that sort.

Paragraph_17: The doors banged together, and the train started back.Then there was silence, the air like ice. Brittle-looking birch trees with black marks on their white bark, and some small, untidy evergreens, rolled up like sleepy bears. The frozen lake not level but mounded along the shore, as if the waves had turned to ice in the act of falling. And the building, with its deliberate rows of windows and its glassed-in porches at either end. Everything austere and northerly, black-and-white under the high dome of clouds. So still, so immense an enchantment.But the birch bark not white after all, as you got closer. Grayish yellow, grayish blue, gray.

Paragraph_18: When someone had checked her about an hour ago, she had been the same as ever, and now she was gone.He had often wondered what difference it would make.But the emptiness in place of her was astounding.
He looked at the nurse in wonder. She thought he was asking her what he had to do next and she began to tell him. Filling him in. He understood her fine, but was still preoccupied.He'd thought that it had happened long before with Isabel, but it hadn’t. Not until now.She had existed and now she did not. Not at all, as if not ever. And people hurried around, as if this could be overcome by making arrangements. He, too, obeyed the customs, signing where he was told to sign, arranging—as they said—for the remains.What an excellent word—“remains.” Like something left to dry out in sooty layers in a cupboard.And before long he found himself outside, pretending that he had as ordinary and good a reason as anybody else to put one foot ahead of the other.What he carried with him, all he carried with him, was a lack, something like a lack of air, of proper behavior in his lungs, a difficulty that he supposed would go on forever.The girl he’d been talking to, whom he’d once known—she had spoken of her children. The loss of her children. Getting used to that. A problem at suppertime.An expert at losing, she might be called—himself a novice by comparison. And now he could not remember her name. Had lost her name, though he’d known it well. Losing, lost. A joke on him, if you wanted one.He was going up his own steps when it came to him.Leah.A relief out of all proportion, to remember her.

Paragraph_19: Halfway through June of 1965, the term at Torrance House School for Girls is over. Juliet has not been offered a permanent job—the teacher she was replacing has recovered from a bout of depression—and she could now be on her way home. Instead, she is taking what she has described as a little detour. A little detour to see a friend who lives up the coast.About a month ago, she went with another teacher—Juanita, the only person on the staff who is near her age, and her only friend—to see a revival of a movie called “Hiroshima, Mon Amour.” Juanita confessed afterward that she herself, like the woman in the picture, was in love with a married man—the father of one of her students. Then Juliet said that she had found herself in somewhat the same situation but had not allowed things to go on because of the tragic plight of the man’s wife, who was a total invalid, more or less brain-dead. Juanita said she wished that her lover’s wife were brain-dead, but she was not—she was vigorous and powerful and could get Juanita fired.

Paragraph_20: Back then, Q lived in the apartment next door to mine. What with lending salt or borrowing salad dressing, we got to be friends, and soon we were at each other’s places all the time, listening to records, drinking beer. Once, my girlfriend and I drove out to the Kamakura shore with Q and his girlfriend. We were very comfortable together. Then, during the summer break of my senior year, I moved out, and that was that.The next time I saw Q, almost a decade had gone by. I was reading a book by a swanky hotel pool near the Akasaka district. Q was sitting in the deck chair next to mine, and beside him was a beautiful long-legged woman in a bikini.I knew right away that it was Q. He was as handsome as ever, and now, just over thirty, he evinced a certain dignity that he hadn’t had before. Young women walking by gave him a quick once-over.He didn’t notice me sitting next to him. I’m a fairly ordinary-looking guy, and I was wearing sunglasses. I wasn’t sure whether I should talk to him, but in the end I decided not to. He and the woman were deep in conversation, and I hesitated to interrupt them. Besides, there wasn’t a lot that he and I could have talked about. “I lent you salt, remember?” “Hey, that’s right, and I borrowed a bottle of salad dressing.” We would have run out of topics quickly. So I kept my mouth shut and stuck to my book.
============================================================================================================

Stylistic Features : The authors writing style explores human complexities in an uncomplicated prose style. The author employs precise imagery and narrative style, which is at once lyrical, compelling, economical, and intense, revealing the depth and complexities in the emotional lives of everyday people.Their prose reveals the ambiguities of life: "ironic and serious at the same time", "mottoes of godliness and honor and flaming bigotry", "special, useless knowledge", "tones of shrill and happy outrage", "the bad taste, the heartlessness, the joy of it".

Content: You have to reflect on your relationship with a younger bachelor cousin, Ernie Botts, who used to visit your family farm each summer along with his mother, Aunt Nell. You humorously nicknamed him "Earnest Bottom" in private, noting his clean, well-groomed appearance and good-natured personality. After Aunt Nell's death, Ernie stopped visiting but kept in touch by sending Christmas cards. When you started college in Ernie's city, he began taking you out to dinner every other Sunday at a restaurant called the Old Chelsea. Despite possibly overspending for these dinners, Ernie’s motivation seemed rooted in family duty rather than personal affinity, and you assumed his lifestyle meant he could afford such luxuries.

Now write a paragraph about the content above emulating the style and voice of the author as seen in the 20 paragraphs and the mentioned stylistic features.